stop it when I asked politely say come
here bleep off of me I can enjoy what I
do you mean kick your eyes are like me
can I get your attention right now
Nestle left a mark for about 20 minutes
said you're not the box of me I am The
Boss to be when a mother says to be
quiet she's the boss of you and you need
to listen to that my kids are sound
comfy she's the box to be we pause it
you don't when you're that young you
don't tell your parents to shut up and
you have to listen for God's sake you
can barely make a rash decision what a
fucking time if I were talking my
parents they would have beat my ass with
a fucking pipe I got a freakin buggin
switch any internet trails and leather
belts there's a leather belt leather
belt which a fan belt yeah fan belt my
case at that time I actually said side
yard on fire I mean come on oh they
filled my fucking sandbox him oh yes it
needs to be all usually eternally girls
they're alive and for me to really kind
of fucked it up before they were two
nights ago I keep rolling and on we go
children should be seen honor oh now
right there that is disobedient that kid
slamming his mommy just cannot be any
more like what 11 or 12 probably just
pimp slaps his mom every parent within a
radius of like five miles you just run a
trailer at God's answer the fucking
paddle all right yeah I'm be taken of
paddles man like back what Beck wasn't
winter still my dad made fuck panel for
me my brother man big fucking wooden
thing like they're like place good
two-foot wouldn't fucking plank which it
was worse than the pedal my grandma had
to plant my girl while I was made out
like a shaved down to buy for just like
it was just like a club this thick like
this long this
but Kevin caveman clubs like all the
great kids names written on then have
whole the building I did it know if it
would have hurt like it's their flat
club with a thing like you know man
holding it was like not just and like
we're Shelly would put a notch in it
with like a every time she used it hon
yeah all right guys keep pilots
something George Tammy me yeah anyway
like shit like if I were done as a kid
but I would not just had my ass beaten
with a belt or Oh to hell apparent get
their hands on they were voted up all my
stuff like toys books TV tossed it out
they would load it up lock at the garage
for like two months i guaranteed this
fat little prick is over privileged he
needs to be out of West yeah bro you for
everything he ever was apparently start
to crack down wait till we're doing is
the high school bullshit somebody high
school those ladies asked out see this
is why kids today are spoiled they don't
know a discipline ya know how this put
your kids under 30 cuz parents are
afraid there's a difference between
disciplining and beating for God's come
on it's a it's a thin line like parents
are just afraid to hit their kids things
like the kid was flip their shit call
the cops get chocolate for services
parents will lose the kids the TV shows
teach kids these days that every little
bad is bad yeah everything's abuse manly
because nowadays we're too politically
correct in this country and paraded and
of course always knew that there was an
incredible amount of rage and anger
there but the document surprise
injustice is being a little person so
turned around for just a moment let you
fly piranhas she apologized thank you i
should understand that and I'm sorry
legally tonight I also was also else
prof kids today always hand sanitizer
shit like a kid touching anything the
parent flips a shit I your mom will flip
her shit see it all time
store and like this were a kid like
touch something there's no off the floor
or touch the door handle apparently mom
where's flipper shit and then just pull
it fuck up your L yeah yeah that's why
kids are getting polio and shit this kid
is freaking disturb he needs help like
cuz they're lyin since the Builder
fucking for your systems like when I was
a kid my parents just turn me fucking
looks like gonna play in the mud goes
right off the hose later damn screw head
kids are doing this just to act out for
attention my god I bet they won't even
on TV one out of every so many homes and
it is figure something like this bang on
ice period unless you punish the hell
should punish that kid I mean it is a
shot back like 08 but they should punch
that kid your secret an order take
Prabhudeva making this damned turn dial
by himself yeah and the fuck does it
look Conan lose all that fuckin way no
way to be able to whip shit yeah that's
what you saw the child SI displayed your
children man you just like fucked a baby
shower huge fuck pregnant it is
somewhere nahin that's what makes them
the planet turn dude of the conan goal
to Conan or I guess my mommy their trust
whoa whoa actually why do you hide about
that we're going to advertise that when
your kid is being a prick just use a
coat in method drop his ass in the
desert with a giant turn dial and they
can push that shit